[Doc] Update global_settings.md (#5764)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/reference/global_settings.md

- Disable fast math to prevent possible undefined math behavior:
  `ti.init(fast_math=False)`.
- To print intermediate IR generated: `ti.init(print_ir=True)`.

> - To disable offline cache of the compiled kernels: `ti.init(offline_cache=False)`. This prevents Taichi from saving compiled kernels to your local disk.

Reviewer: and also the env variable?

> - To disable offline cache of the compiled kernels: `ti.init(offline_cache=False)`. This will prohibit Taichi from saving compiled kernels to your local disk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To disable offline cache of the compiled kernels: `ti.init(offline_cache=False)`. This prevents Taichi from saving compiled kernels to your local disk.
```

Please always use present tense.
